Add documentation for skipping index (#666)
apache/skywalking-banyandb: docs/concept/data-model.md

type: TYPE_INVERTED
```

> IndexRule supports two distinct kinds of index structures. The `INVERTED` index is suitable for measure tag indexing due to better query performance. The `SKIPPING` index is optimized for the majority of stream tags, which prioritizes efficient space utilization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IndexRule supports several distinct kinds of index structures. The `INVERTED` index is suitable for measure tag indexing due to better query performance. The `SKIPPING` index is optimized for the majority of stream tags, which prioritizes efficient space utilization. The `TREE` index is designed for storing hierarchical data.
```
